DM-3885 Loriot Document Memory Usage limits (#2832)
Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs: content/service-terms/quotas.md

| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---- | ----: |
| [File size for LWM2M bulk registration](/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#bulk-device-registration) | Hard | 10 MB |
| [Concurrent pending LWM2M operations](/protocol-integration/lwm2m/#device-operations-handling) | Hard |    10 |

> | Optimal maximum number of Loriot devices that can be registered                                | Soft | 40000 |
> | Maximum Set Memory of the Loriot microservice                                                  | Hard | 4 Gi  |

Reviewer: We are documenting limits, not optimal numbers here. The memory available to a microservice is operational configuration, not a limit. Instead we need to also document the limit to a devices per tenant.

```suggestion
| Maximum number of Loriot devices that can be registered per deployment                         | Soft | 40000 |
| Maximum number of Loriot devices that can be registered per tenant                             | Soft | 20000  |
```
configuration, not a limit. Instead we need to also document the limit to a devices per tenant.
